[WIP] Gh 3286 fp delegates (#3487)
aeternity/aeternity: docs/release-notes/next-iris/GH-3286_fp_delegates.md

* Revisits the State Channel delegates: so far they were a shared list for
  both participants. From Iris on, delegates are per peer: there is a list of
  delegates for the `initiator` and another one for the `responder`. Old
  channel objects can still be used but users are strongly recomended to reset
  their `delegates` list if they had any. Note that the HTTP representations
  are changed accordingly.

> * Allows delegates to force progress from behalf of the user that autorized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allows delegates to force progress on behalf of the user that authorized
```
